I'll be happy to help you with these questions. Here are the answers:

To insure that this function is overridden in derived classes that are to be instantiated.
eliminates redundant classes
Inheritance
declare f a friend in C
When they have same name and diff type of parameters or diff no of parameters, return type does not matter.
a, b and d
c) the derived class

c) Deriving classes

c) Multilevel

d) both (a) and (c) above

d) (ii) is true & (i) is false

d) virtual void funct (int n) = 0;

b) public

b) from the point of definition onward in the block

d) if friend is declared in private, it works differently when declared in public.

b) reference

a) macro

c) statement (iii) & (iv) are correct

e) both (b) and (c) above

a) 1

d) the function accesses the arguments original value in the calling program

d) a class object and a member of that class

d) all of the above

d) both (a) and (b) above

a) access exactly the same array as the calling program

b) there are multiple paths from one derived class to another

d) both (a) and (b) above

a) specifics a particular class and resolves ambiguities

b) describes “is a kind of” relationship

c) delete []a;

c) A pointer may be added to another pointer.

d) All of the above

a) friend

c) A static member

d) Is visible in the class it is declared in, and all of its subclasses.

b) A function that is called when an instance of a class is deleted.

b) The public members of the base class become protected.

c) There will be only one instance of the variable initialized for all classes.

d) All of the above.

b) destructors

c) Both 1 and 2 are correct.

a) Copy Constructor

c) The class must have a function definition equal to zero

c) Constructor

b) Virtual Functions

d) Static function can be overrided.

d) All of the above

d) int *arr = new int[10];

c) The "Delete" is used for deleting a single standard object, whereas the "Delete[]" is used for deleting an array of the multiple objects

b) 12

b) A reference cannot refer to a constant value

a) Copy constructor

c) It is the ability to process the message or data in more than one form

a) 13

c) virtual void Display(void) = 0;

c) Static

c) Singleton class

d) Overloaded functions can accept only different number and different type of arguments.

a) The trailing argument will be the default argument.